welcome to the man of recaps Game of
Thrones Season 5 starts with big bad
daddy Tywin Lannister dead after Tyrion
gang style cross bottom last season he
had a rough voyage across the Narrow Sea
but he rallies and keeps drinking
because he's a champion
beerus has taken him to marine to help
advise Daenerys he's been on Team
Khaleesi all along in marine unsullied
getting their throats cut by the master
assistance group the sons of the harpy
Lenny mo Kravitz wants to reopen the
fighting pits and the dragons are still
at Duff because she can't control him
especially drogon who's not locked up he
goes where he wants he's a boss Jon Snow
at the wall befriends Ollie the cupid
shot his girlfriend list season he's a
sexy elevator ride with Melisandre and
talked to Stannis the Mantis who wants
the wildlings to fight for him so he has
John talked to Mance Rayder
king-beyond-the-wall get him to bend the
knee but mance is like I have a medical
condition my knees literally do not Bend
so they burn him at the stake Johnson oh
shoot some the heart though cuz he's a
true bro Arya makes it to Braavos go in
the house of black and white to find her
assassin friend Jack in the GAR and said
she finds old Sam Jackson's surprise is
Jack in the gar
machine rolls on face changing assassin
school but she's still a freshman so she
stuck sweeping the floor since and
Littlefinger at the Vale with the little
brat Lord they go on a trip and I
spotted by Brienne and pod
Riaan immediately pledges their services
but sense is like girl I don't know you
saw a fight breaks out and the cheese
breaks out and Brianna's got to kill a
guy now it's a snake in a box what is
this this is a threat from door and
that's my sellers necklace she was
shipped down there and season two to
marry the prince so Jamie finds his best
friend bran is like we're going on a bro
road trip down to rescue her oberyn's
girlfriend wants to kill her to
Prevention's but over and further Duran
Duran is like we built Turk little girls
in Dorne now to Winterfell it's under
Bolton management which means 100%
increase in flames
Roose is like your ramsay to solidify
our claim I'm gonna marry you to Sansa
Stark since it knows this is a bad idea
that Littlefinger somehow talks her into
it so he's doing an alliance with Roose
but he reveals to Sansa he was really
playing all sides cuz Stannis the
madness is coming to conquer - and his
play is to make Jon Snow Jon stark
lourve link to Felsen the North Awards
will rally to him but John's like Mirai
swore a vow to the Nights Watch so he
declines oh hi so the Nights Watch is
electing a new Lord Commander it's gonna
be Alistair thorn but then Sam's like
hey Johnson main character we should
elect him and they do Janus Linds like I
don't respect your authority so just
like fine bringing my sword off with
your head so Stannis leaves Wally
marches on Winterfell he's gonna recon
Curt from the Bolton's get the other
northern Lords on his side but first
Melisandre stops by Jon Snow's room and
is like hey here's my boobs give me a
shadow baby Jon Snow does turn it down
though probably a good call down in
King's Landing Tommen and Margaery have
a boring wedding where nobody dies they
do consummate it though which Atomics
happy about she wants him to send Cersei
back to Casterly Rock to get her out of
her hair but Sir she's not having any of
this she's still running things on the
small council her uncle diet Tywin wants
to help but she's like no I don't need
your help so he goes away the High
Septon is in a brothel in this new group
of religious
Mattox bustin and make him do a naked
walk of shame through the streets sir
she goes to tuck their leader the high
Sparrow who seems like a nice guy she
seems like oh I'm gonna use you for
operation Terrell takedown first I'm
gonna send mace Tyrell make a master of
coin sent him to Bravo's to meet with
the iron bank and it's in Meryn Trant
within that will matter later
then she rearm zap faith militant so
they go on a rampage to the streets
busting up the things and she tells them
that Loras Tyrell is gay so they go to
arrest him
one of them is Lancel Lannister by the
way that's her cousin that she was
sleeping with and sees do up to kill the
king yeah so this definitely won't come
back to bite her
so marjorie's like Tommen released my
brother from prison so he marches down
there but this guy stands in a way
scarily so he chickens out now tyrion
and varys go to a brothel they find a
great Daenerys cosplayer and Jorah
Mormont who's drinking his sorrows away
remember he was banished last season so
Tyrians taking a piss and Jorah kidnaps
even is like hey I'm taking you to
marine to give to Daenerys and turns
iclal funny story about that in marine
Theriot is hunting down sons of the
harpy who are an Frankie they want to
give him a fair trial but Danny's ex
slave advisors like no we should just
kill him so he does and Denny has to
execute her loyal slave adviser which
starts off class warfare in the city and
the sons of the harpy ambushed some
great worms there he's getting stabbed
but then Barristan the bold comes to
save the day and he's cutting them all
down because he's a great fighter but
there's too many he stabbed embarrassed
and dies gray room does survived though
and he and Miss Anne they do still have
a romance aren't going anyway Daenerys
friends of all the great masters feeds
one toward dragons like yeah that'll
teach you but then she's like okay I'm
gonna make peace so I'm gonna marry
Lenny Moe Kravitz and reopen the
fighting pits
so Joran tyrion are on a boat sailing
through the ruins they have a dragon
sighting and then they're attacked by
Stoneman yes these people have greyscale
that's what Stannis is daughter Shireen
has but a more advanced case anyway ones
dragging Tyrion down into the depths to
drown but no he's fine Jorah though did
get touched so he's infected and like a
douche she never tells anyone they're
captured by slavers who want to kill
Tyrion but he talks his way out of it
basically by telling them he has a big
magical dick he convinces them to sell
Jarrah to the newly opened fighting pits
of murine so once again he's been
kidnapped but is still heading to the
same place they start in the minor
league ladder pits but for some reason
Daenerys happens to be there so Jorah
make sure he beats up everybody so he
can say hey Khaleesi and she's like
Lowell didn't I banish you he's like
look I got your dwarf it's Tyrion
Lannister she's like what is going on
okay I'm gonna make Tyrion my new
advisor I'm gonna banish Drori again and
so he goes and sells himself back into
slavery because Yolo LeBron Jamie makes
it to Dorne they run into some trouble
so Jamie has to test out his left-handed
fighting skills which are not good but
he survives these are the sand snakes
they're oberyn's daughters and they want
to kidnap my sell it to get vengeance
for their father because they let
vengeance to my cell is very happy with
their hot Dornish boyfriend but Uncle
Jamie comes to spoil the fun and the
Teenage Mutant Ninja San snakes come at
the same time so a little fight breaks
out bran gets cut and the black axe guy
comes and is like no more fighting so
Jimmy meets with Prince stranger and
it's like no I'm not gonna press charges
in fact I'll let you take my cell I take
my son Trey and put them on the small
- Bronson the dungeons with the sand
snakes knife snake shows him her boob
which is so nice that it kills him
not really he was poison from the knife
but she gives him the antidote because
she thinks he's cute back in King's
Landing Loras gets a gay pretrial where
he's like I'm not gay and Marjorie's
like no he's not gay but Littlefinger's
brothel guy comes and it's like yeah
he's definitely gay and Margaery
definitely knows about it so Loras is
still under arrest and Marjorie's under
arrest - now for lying under oath sir
she's like haha my plan worked perfectly
but then cousin Lancel is like no I
confessed to everything so she's under
arrest - before that the Littlefinger
talked to Cersei about how Sansa's
marrying the Bolton's he swings it like
they're the traitors so he gets
permission to take the Vale army and go
conquer Winterfell for himself at
Winterfell bran followed Sansa there
she's plotting a rescue so she tells
homeless Billy Bob Thornton to tell this
other peasant to tell Sansa to put a
candle in the tallest tower if she needs
rescuing
everything cool right now though so she
doesn't she marries Ramsay who's pretty
sweet for about five seconds but then
he's are like Greek you stay here and
watch as I devirginizing and pretty
brutal and no one's happy about this so
now she's being kept as a sex prisoner
so she grabs the camel and she's like
yeah I put it in the tower for me but he
turns her and immediately because he's
whipped she's like Theon why would you
do this why would you turn me in you
burned my brothers he's like I don't
know actually those weren't brothers
there were random farm boys so now Sansa
knows that REO wants to move up to the
next level of her culture has to give
away all our possessions and become no
one she can't give away or store a
needle though because it's symbolic of
like her identity or something so she
has it in this community with sergeant
pol now she graduates from sweeping
floors to clean dead bodies then one day
a sick girl comes in and she gives her
the euthanasia water so she graduates
again to see the room of many faces this
is where they hide all of their awesome
faces he's not using a face though for
her first assassination mission she's
just dressing up as an oyster girl to go
kill this insurance broker but she's
distracted when she sees mace Tyrell
coming in with Meryn Trant Meryn trant's
is the tank's guard who killed a friend
Syrio Forel in season one so he's high
up on her kill list so a mace is talking
to the iron bank just singing and being
a goofball Meryn Trant goes to a brothel
where we find out he likes his girls
really uncomfortable young which works
out well for Arya because surprise it's
her yes she still if they said she's
stabby Savvis him and crosses that first
name off her list up at the wall Jon
Snow talks at tormund Giantsbane the new
wildling leader he's like we should be
Bros I want the wildlings to join with
us to help fight the White Walkers the
other night watchmen don't like that
they hate the wildlings especially Ollie
cos wildlings 8 his parents but Jon goes
anyway he sails to hardhome where the
rest of the wildlings already talked to
their leaders he's like winter is coming
speak of the devil which is coming right
now yes it's a zombie attack then there
are the White Walkers on the cliff so
it's an awesome battle scene 360 spin a
giant is stepping on zombies and the
white Walker comes and Jon fights him
with the normal sort of brakes so he
grabs long wobbly and steel it won't
blocks it it's like what happened
I'm shattered then watch on snow anyway
they go all World War Z so they have to
get out of there and then the white
Walker leader shows up its albino Darth
Maul that's right we saw him last season
turned Craster's baby and took
presumably one of them so he's here he's
like come at me bro uses mass raise dead
no he is an even bigger army by Somme
B's and basically winter just came all
over the place now Stannis on his way to
Winterfell is totally snowed in so
malice son was like hey we can burn your
daughter to melt the snows because she
is Kings blood he's like what no I just
had a sentimental moment with my
daughter like two episodes ago now the
Bolton's are talking about it Ramsay is
like give me 20 good shirtless men we're
gonna ride out there set their camp on
fire so that they have no supplies left
Stannis sends Davos back to the wall to
get more supplies and Shirin is like hey
Dad I want to help is there anything I
can do he's like yeah there's this one
thing you can burn alive what No
Stannis's wife has been Pro burning this
whole time but now she chickens out
tries to save her but it's too late
Shireen is burned
no bad Stannis bad anyway it's gladiator
time again jars in the major leagues now
and long story short he wins again and
this time on those scopes knife because
there's a son's the heart be attacking
yes they come and they stab Lenny Moe
Kravitz I guess he wasn't their leader
after all and chars like Khaleesi come
with me if you want to live so they're
surrounded in the pit facing certain
death
when dragon flies in yes he started
burnin aiding all the sons of the harpy
it's super sweet and Danny's like yo I'm
busting out of here she's flying on a
dragon
anyway the Shireen sacrifice actually
worked the snows melting but his army
deserted him because they don't want to
follow a guy who burns his daughter also
his wife hung herself and then
Melisandre decided to bail - bad day for
Stannis but he's like we march on to
Winterfell Podrick Payne sees them as
like yo Brant Stannis is over there
she's like oh I'm gonna kill Stannis cuz
his shadow baby killed Renly and I loved
Renly she's like Oh since I'll be fine
for five minutes while I leave but of
course right then sits escapes and
lights the candle so Stannis is like yes
each time I love a good siege but the
Bolton's ride out to meet him he's like
fine last stand
horse miss vote soldiers doesn't go well
Stannis's army is dead and Stannis is
there Brienne comes up she's like ham a
totally random person here to kill you
for something you did three seasons ago
he's like yeah that makes sense
boom Stannis is dead except it cuts away
weirdly but we assume he's still dead
since his escape is stopped by Ramsay
psycho girlfriend but the on grossest
balls back and throws her off the cliff
yes he's like come with me I know a
secret way out of here it's right off
the wall we'll just jump presumably into
some snow banks now Arya is in big
trouble for killing the wrong person so
as punishment jack and the guard kills
himself
what no Jake hey it wasn't me I'm over
here who is this then oh it's Ari yeah
yeah it's crazy face stuff going on and
Arya goes blind Cersei confesses to
being in her cousin Lancel but not to
the bigger crimes of banging her brother
Jaime and putting incest bastards on the
throne so it's like fine you can go to
house arrest
first you have to do a naked walk of
shame through the streets it's pretty
graph honor it breaks it down a little
bit and she makes it back
her uncle diet tywin came back he's been
running the city and her mad scientist
Frank Qyburn is like hey I have a
present for you
it's a reanimated Mountain corpse what
yeah he's been experimenting with it all
season and I guess somehow he succeeded
so now says he has a big strong new
bodyguard and she's ready for some
vengeance endure and everything's cool
they're saying by oberyn's girlfriends
the weird aunt who kisses you on the
lips bronzed despite his new girlfriend
I can't imagine where this plot lines
going jamie has a heart-to-heart with
his niece daughter my salon is like this
is awkward but I'm your dad she's like
hey man that's cool love who you want
and they have a really tender
father-daughter moment until she starts
bleeding and she dies from poison what
yes that's right the sands thanks it was
the kiss of death and they succeeded
into their plan after all in Mereen the
guys were sitting around because
Daenerys never came back Daario and
Jorah are going on a bro road trip to
find her they're leaving Tyrion in
charge because you know he's smart and
stuff and Varys comes back he's like
yeah I made it here somehow I'm gonna
help you rule so the dream team is in
marine Danny's in the middle of nowhere
with her Charizard she doesn't have
enough gym badges so it won't fly her
back and she finds a death rocky so she
drops her a ring in case anyone's
looking for and that's how she ends her
season surrounded by this rocky early at
the wall some of the brothers trying to
rape Sam's girlfriend Jilly so he steps
up to protect her with the help of
ghosts and they finally have sex which
is good for Pat Sam and maester aemon
died so they're sending him and Jilly
down to the Citadel to learn to become a
maester Davos made it to the wall to get
some more supplies
but then Melisandre comes up and it's
like yeah Stannis is dead I guess he
wasn't the chosen one woops my bad
then Ollie busting is like kill John we
found your uncle Benjen what I've been
looking for him wait a second this isn't
Michael benjin oh I'm stabbed now honest
I mutiny tour the watch is what they all
say they take to him stabbing him and
then even all it comes up it's like a -
Ollie
and he's like yeah from mama stabby stab
oho Jon Snow is bleeding out he can't
possibly be dead he's the main character
but that cuts the black uh-uh and that
says Season 5 comes to an end
[Music]